Manager: 

Screen1: 

Using Login Credentials, SSO sign on, RBAC 

Manager lands on the Onboarding Wizard Page, 

Search- using API, the manager can search for all the workdrivers created 

Workdriver- i/p the name of workdriver from the list called by API/ workdrivers. 

Activity- assigned activity from the list of Agents  

New wizard- helps create a new wizard, with a 4step process. 

Show 2 divisions for published & unpublished workdrivers separately. 

On selecting the workdriver, the wizard name gets populated:OTC allege Wizard(from DB) 

BU name Activity/Agent to be used – already populated  

Mailbox- from the pre-populated fields & target system- 

Description: 

 

Comparison result – is a dummy data for reference & shown capabilities of any random trade. 

Option provided here are : Edit – api to update/modify  

Creation of New Wizard: 

On click of New Wizard- api/new wizard create 

Create a wizard based on New Wizard or copy existing wizard.- populate using api 

All the workdrivers are populated based on API/workdrivers.(select any one option). 

Start button to start the workflow for creation.  

Wizard Builder:  

1) Under “Define” –  

Name , Description, BU, Sub BU, Activity,workdriver is provided. 

Name is mandatory, along with Activity. 

Workflow- Need to check 

 

2)Input Sources: 

Input Format: list of all the formats allowed 

Frequency: hourly,daily, monthly,yearly 

Mailbox: address configured i/p to be captured in DB. 

E-mail Identification rules: 

Email identification (mandatory field)  

Context of email to filter: use of context parser, called by graphAPI 

Keyword Present: to be stored in DB, used by agent to perform actions. 

Subject Line: FX ops Settlement 

Specific sender to filter: xx@bank1.com 

Exclusion mails: OOO, irrelevant mails 

On clicking Next, it gets saved and moved to next point 

 

Input Fields: 

 Retrieve the fields from DB and map it to the target system using the trade fields 

Map properly from the drill down filters 

Click next, to save progress and move to step 4 

Review- 

Shows all the fields created based on the last 4 steps. 

History activity pops up. 

Create a function to : Show assign users. 

On clicking Run, the workflow is created. It also get populated with a version. 

Back button is provided for the user to always go back. 

 

Dashboard: 

Widgets 

Unactioned items by Analyst- populated by API call of each analyst and there total pending items, oldest alert based on activity, total elapsed for the items and action for manager(nudge). 
