Analyst – screen 1 : 
I/p: login credentials 
Authorisation: SSO 
Access- RBAC 
O/p- Screen opens up for analyst with the assigned workdrivers/Activity- 
1.	Activity consisting of assigned trade mails by manager-  call API 
2.	On clicking the activity, it opens up the queue in the dashboard. 
 
On Dashboard populate: 
Widgets : either database/ api/ need to check any internal  
Match status: Logic based on classification  for ALL, Pending, Matched, Mismatch, No booking. 
Search : 
AllegeID –  use search to find by using API 
Product- api/products 
Counterparty- populate from the list provided by internal team 
 
Screen3: on selection of Mail Ingestion: 
1.	Based on the trade id – mail extraction, status- from confidence score, final status- agent,  time- aging bucket 
2.	Show the mail contents as it is – graph API(mail ingestion agent) 
3.	Using context parser, extracted fields are mapped. 
4.	Confirm extracted fields- saved in database- captured in audit logs/trails & case audit timelines 
5.	 
6.	 
7.	Key Actions- 
Screen 5: 
1.	Extracted key fields from screen 4-  
2.	Compare & Match: 
3.	Counterparty submitted details –from email 
4.	Bank Booked details- GlossAPI 
5.	For all the fields agent does a match, if full match (100% accurate)- provide a tick otherwise consider a mismatch. 
6.	Key actions: 
Reset Dispute & override- save the action of the analyst with the comment & update audit trail & case audit timeline. 
Mark as No booking- if the mail has no corresponding match/ all fields mismatch , analyst can save it as no booking. 
Save Match Review- on click, it leads to next action: AI classification – Static Message . 
Pick any Action: 
1.	Chase Counterparty - generate a mail to the counterparty, requesting for details 
2.	Escalate to MO – generate a mail to the MO, requesting for details 
3.	Escalate to SSI - generate a mail requesting SSI instructions, requesting for details 
4.	Mark As Resolved: saved & close the flow. 
Similar Past cases: 
Re-inforcement learning/RAID logs 
Case audit timelines: 
With each activity, done by an analyst for the workflow/case, the activity and timestamp gets captured. 

